hi this is chef ROC from Rocco
recipes.com and today we're going to be
making the most simple cake you could
make and you can use almost any fresh or
frozen fruity one so let's make plum
cake did you know you can also check
this recipe and other youtube recipes on
your iPad will sure I made my bed app
just for that and it's called Rocco the
only YouTube cookbook app out there
Rocco makes YouTube recipe search Pisa
cake for example if you want to find
teacher recipes by what ingredients you
have on hand or in your fridge just
select these ingredients and Rocco will
find just the right recipe for you you
can find my next tip on how to quickly
find YouTube recipes using Rocco in my
next recipe video now the nutrition
facts for the plum cake recipe well
they're quite obvious aren't they it's a
cake what did you expect this cakes are
quite high in sugar but defeat one or
two once in a while you won't have a
problem but if you need it every day
then you could be seeing some changes to
your body this recipe will serve 15 if
you make it in the baking dish with
diameters shown on the screen now the
ingredients you will need by the way you
can also check the can the list of
ingredients for YouTube recipes in rock
web so you don't need to browse the
video for them so you will need 3 cups
of all-purpose flour
13 point two ounces of sugar 2 teaspoons
of baking powder 35 ounces of plums
they should be pitted 1 teaspoon of
vanilla extract or vanilla sugar if you
have it lemon peel 2 teaspoons 6 medium
eggs
two third cups of water five point three
ounces of cooking oil and one-and-a-half
tablespoons of powdered sugar
okay let's cook first start with loosing
your baking dish take some butter or
cooking spray and arrange it evenly
thus the baking dish with some
all-purpose flour / øx
and egg whites into two separate bowls
also divide the whole sugar content in
half you will use some four egg whites
and some for the egg yolks then mix the
egg whites into a firm mixture when the
consistency is like this adding the
sugar and mix it into the mixture
this will make egg white mixture even
firmer then put the second half of sugar
into egg yolks and mix add vanilla I'm
using vanilla sugar here but if you
don't have it use vanilla extract then
add water oil lemon peel and mix
everything until mixture thickens
then separately mix flour and baking
powder
and then add this into egg yolk mixture
in two or three parts
when done take the egg white mixture and
add it into the butter slowly
flick the butter gently with every turn
you make there you go perfect take your
baking dish and pour the butter in fill
all the corners and arrange your fruit
on top of the cake in this case I will
use frozen plums put the baking dish in
your oven and bake it for around 40 to
50 minutes on 3:30 a.m. there you go
that was easy wasn't it well thank you
for watching and if you like my videos
don't forget to subscribe and check out
raka hype edit in iTunes Appstore if you
have your own YouTube Cooking Channel or
recipes I can feature your recipes in
Rocco Rocco currently has more than 30
thousand downloads which means you can
get even more views and exposure from
mobile devices to Rocco app how to
feature them well it's easy just send me
an email with your channel or recipe and
we'll talk which recipe to feature
everybody's in nutrition these days why
not add nutrition facts to your YouTube
recipe and give even more value to your
great recipes just send me your recipe
I'll analyze it and send nutrition
analysis video which you can link to
with YouTube annotation nutrition
analysis is made for male and female
it's nicely graphically designed and it
looks like this so anyone can understand
just from looking at it what they will
put in their mouth add even more value
to your great recipes and teach others
about nutrition with Rocco nutrition
analysis
you